Rename `build` to `pipeline` in code (#1224)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/20-usage/50-environment.md

## String Substitution

> Woodpecker provides the ability to substitute environment variables at runtime. This gives us the ability to use dynamic pipeline or commit details in our pipeline configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Woodpecker provides the ability to substitute environment variables at runtime. This gives us the ability to use dynamic settings, command or filters in our pipeline configuration.
```
